this is a self-portrait so this is
basically me right okay I know I have an
idea it looks like something that would
be in like stranger things or
[Music]
something hi I'm Jenny and I'm going to
be sculpting my
[Music]
self-portrait feel like I'm in an art
class right now I don't think I'm a good
sculptor at all I am kind of scared to
do this
I'm taking my nails off guys I don't
think I can sculpt with these this is my
body I'm trying to build my body first
and then I want to do the
[Music]
face I think my eyes also because I'm
kind of blind I can't see well so I have
to like look at myself really close up
in the mirror and then and then my eyes
are there
it's more of a lifestyle than one era
for me everything regarding what I do is
to do with my album my mindset I'm
prepping my body for my album and what
what's to come after so that I think
that's what I mean by it's become a
lifestyle of mine this is really
fun I wonder if there's a tool to help
me you need to cut like
to
pet I really thought about it and my
answer is I want to enjoy this life as a
pop star and then think about what to be
in my next lifetime I like the present
moment the best I love my job what do
you love most about it that I get to
sculpt something in front of 30 people
okay finally time to cut
something can I take this afterwards
yeah shoes then I'm going just need to
perfect
[Music]
everything I think I'm still figuring
that out I still don't know when to
stop um yeah I'm so accustomed
to keep going and there's still so much
on on my list that I want to get done
and I push myself further every time so
I haven't meet met my limit yet I'm
planning like next year maybe I could
start slowing things down being at home
is one of my favorite things to do I
haven't really had time to really like
stay
home after the pandemic so that's
something that I want to do more in the
future and maybe go on vacations stay in
bed um as long as I want and then watch
a movie and eat something good that's
all I'm asking for
[Music]
really um my essentials from my home I
like to bring my pillow and my blanket
with me so I feel as closely as being at
home I have a very big luggage that I
bring every where I go and it basically
has
everything um from my house I think it's
more of a comfort thing like I'm sure we
I can buy the same thing but just the
feeling of having something from home I
wish I had like another darker red can
you
[Music]
help
wow that's a good question I'm like the
friend in the group that keep keeps
everything not fall out of places they
come to me a lot when they need to
decide on something or need
[Laughter]
help that that really just came out of
nowhere um thank
you I'll keep it right here
are you going to use
it I don't think so I'll try oh oh you
made it really
soft I can mix
[Music]
it that
I don't give up um this is something
that I've learned about myself during a
time of working on my album I don't
think I can say that this journey was
easy but every time I I faced a
new situation
or learned anything new I kind of kept
pushing myself to do more in Within
Myself and that's that's how the album
was made so I'm so proud of it and I
love that about me everything thing was
a challenge for me this was my very
first time working on an on a solo album
a full album I really just ran
into brand new things I'm making petals
right now of a flower trying to make a
red rose did you want to make that or
this is my face oh that's your face that
yeah
[Music]
I get really distracted when I listen to
music if I need to be focused I don't
listen to music I meditate started doing
it a lot more during the
pandemic and yeah it became a a
lifestyle so meditation is a part of my
album and
what a lot of the times I'm most
creative when I'm meditating with my own
words and my own Expressions because I
know it's in a safe place it really just
helps me focus on myself and the
stronger and confident you feel about
yourself like the better version of you
appears and also there's so many
benefits I just can't list them all
right now but it was a crucial part of
my album
[Music]
I don't have self-doubt that's how I got
here I'm just really clear on what I
want and what I like and it can change
over time from learning new things and
experiencing new things but I always
like
to sorry it's from what I'm making I
always like to believe 100% in the way I
think
and deal with the consequences this I'm
so sorry guys am I like over
timing okay guys I am ready to reveal my
self-portrait in three
two ta this is who I am right now this
is how I envision myself with my album
Ruby coming out I am peaceful I am Zen
I'm
blooming in the ruby red color and I'm
just sitting there meditating this is
how I see myself and yeah the back I'm
just manifesting this this is so special
thank you Vanity Fair for creating this
time I had so much
fun working with Clay today and
answering you guys' questions